 according to statistics, 892, the number of chinese people must be taxed, and the number of chinese people must be taxed.
 in accordance with the legal norms of the convention or into national law, it would be possible to bring the article on the implementation of article 4 clauses.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993 was a good performance in the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted the proposal and noted that candidates would be included in the recruitment of candidates after completion of the consultation survey.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of the methodology calls for the establishment of grades as a basis for comparison with the remuneration pay.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, analysts think that prices of these zones may continue to rise.
 in fact, the current vacancy rate in the shopping market and the market stall stalls were at the highest time for 5 years.
 the most difficultness of peace-keep predictions, which forecasts the assumption that it is likely to have significant changes in the current year.
 the intention of the country must be given to the intention of the country, rather than instruments.
 a spokesman for israel, a spokesman for israel, said that the occupying forces had stayed by the occupying forces.
 some of us believe that this action may not be done if it was open to open and transparent consultations.
 this is extremely useful for member states to understand the complexity of the problems of the court.
 in january 1996, the namibian family planning association was established in january 1996 and has now become a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties are most appropriate to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in the country, which affects women's most critical health issues affecting women.
 it exercised the power of international treaties, therefore, legal and in fact, as a subject of international law, and it is a subject of international law.
 while the activities of the activities are still limited, the size of the future space activity is expected to expand.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to keep the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 the international community, after the united nations security council, and the united nations security council, has been determined by the security council of the united nations.
 as a matter of hand, parents cannot afford the responsibilities to the school and the teacher.
 " we are now happy to see the results of one country, two systems, and hong kong people enjoy the results of this system.
 the representative of malaysia, on behalf of the representative of malaysia, on behalf of the representative of malaysia, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme will be avoided to compete with private property market and maintain the same two per cent.
 we look forward to the regulatory analysis of the united nations to conduct a thorough analysis of the united nations and close consultation with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive will be elected by the election committee on the election committee.
 as a guarantee of power, the person must take appropriate attention to prevent the use of the installation of the device.
 it also established an international e-business network, which had been established in october 1998 and carried out in october 1998.
 in the real terms of gdp in 1996, the gross domestic product grew by 4.9 per cent to 5.0% in real terms.
 following the first time of visiting china's visit to china, the prince and loved will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile expresses the strongest strong protests by the government of the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as indicated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claimant's claim for military volunteers are not compensable in principle.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the president of the general group of the president of the general and regional groups.
 the economies of the republic of belarus, as well as the governments of the republic of ukraine, has been unable to make its contribution to the organization.
 member of the delegation of india and the united states of the world trade organization, the delegation of india and the united states, was a member of the united states and the united states.
 the warmth of huang sheng-kuo, who decided to have a culture of chinese culture.
 the committee pointed out, however, that the country's service was not a good advantage.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of a system of education, and the state will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 on the internet, a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that those who wish to use on the internet is required to register on the internet.
 in conclusion, mr tsang was grateful to the staff of the marine marine department base base, and other interested parties express their gratitude.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, some of these groups are required to have a number of preconditions, which requires a number of preconditions.
 on the 8, no. 8 of the tropical cyclone warnings, the hong kong city is gradually returning to normal.
 this was partly attributed to the draft convention on the law of the united nations on the law of the sea, which was regrettable.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would wish to solve these problems.
 the official languages of the conference include english, russian-speaking, french, spanish, and this year, including romanian in spanish.
 there are 16 per cent of hong kong's transactions, with both local financial institutions and local financial customers, with respective shares of both 2% and 10 per cent.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey singletons, and we are planning to build more multi-storeys.
 it is important to find that this relationship is to be feasible, and that relationships between multilateral cooperation is feasible.
 the culprit was later arrested and was convicted of theft.
 concern was expressed by the donor community in humanitarian relief relief to humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has made a decision on this subject, and the chamber was chambered to appeal to france, and the chamber was chambered to france.
 the trend towards the economic and social stability of these countries has adverse effects on the promotion of economic and preservation of social stability.
 week, the week is one or seven days.
 we, after the united nations entered the world, has entered the world, and with north-south and south-south interactions.
 thirdly, special emphasis is placed on the implementation of local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role to enable communication and communication promotion efforts to facilitate the development efforts of the developing countries.
 " i don't understand the swords law, " he did not understand the sword, " he said.
 (15) the international perspectives in the context of the words and thinking of the international perspective.
 the terrorist attacks occurred since 11 september have been 2 months since the terrorist attacks occurred.
 china's ministry of agriculture officials expressed its view that china's prevention and control of avian flu is quite effective.
 chile agreed that the deployment of the deployment of a united nations peacekeeping force is likely to prevent the errors of violence that might lead to the errors of violence.
 but at this critical juncture, it is important that the league of terror must recognize clearly recognition and recognition of the enemy.
 i would like to hope that the executive authorities will launch a dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the african group on behalf of the african group commended unifem for the efforts made by unifem for a response to the proposals.
 the chinese government intends to set up a final plan in early next year, with 13 coal " bases in the country.
 at the end of a hundred years old town, this is, in the end of the modern, step by step by step.
 as part of the daily supervision work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card business in recognition of the credit card business.
 in our country, arabic, arabic, is the 2 official language of the 2 largest language.
 the university and teachers are the university and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the state of state or government or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the contents of the contents are enriched by a number of people's interest in the social and economic spheres.
 the vast majority of member states have shown their tend to increase the tendency to increase the permanent members of the council and the tendency to increase the council.
 the customers can be sold in six months after the issuance of the stamps issued by the customers.
 the deputy secretary for bureau and other officials, mr joseph lai, and other officials of the bureau, will also go to deputy secretary for bureau and other officials.
 as a director of this foundation, hong kong's executive director's executive director, who found a non-profit consortor, was founded in a society.
 it is not easy to identify electors and election activities, which is not easy to determine the impact of the judges.
 the south pacific states of the states members of the south pacific announced its intention to resume its nuclear tests in france.
 the age age is 15 years for 9 months.
 service fee is $ 20 per hour, " the spokesman added.
 the bulldozers were bulled down in many cases, and in many cases there are even other residents.
 these actions are the target of police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials and the public, and the public and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i would like to belgium to be a member of the european parliament.
 at present, a rapid change of the concept of national sovereignty, peoples, national security and peace, and the concept of peace and implementation of peace.
 such a means can help to identify the real liability of responsibility for the damage caused by space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the president of the joint chairman of the joint president, sham shawd ah (unams pakistan).
 the committee affirms its need to strengthen the process of nation-building, the consolidation of the rule of law, democratic and civil society.
 the conference urged the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, which includes the immediate establishment of this body.
 palestinian police stores and residences have been damaged, and the israeli army went to the end.
 the word structure has become more intense and concise and concise and concise and concise.
 high prices for high prices, not only leads the common people, also caused the importance of government authorities and experts.
 if he didn't talk about, let's take into account the hearts of the heart.
 we can no longer be able to do so.
 as the saying goes, " we do not have any mistake. "
 if it has been confirmed, it is expected that inside the democratic party in the new millennium democratic party is expected to be accelerated.
 in the wake of the days after the palace, the light of lightings, such as weied, the light of lighting is a rebound.
 the mainland's opening up to taiwan's tourism, local operators expressed their optimism.
 the most common aspect of the existence of functional jurisdictions are navigation and adoption of the exclusive economic zone of the territorial sea, the contigian zone.
 the spokesman reminded the public to report to the police as soon as possible.
 margaret chan, on november 9, was officially elected to the director-general of the united nations specialized agencies in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international law, in accordance with the provisions of the international court, it provides for the implementation of national law on extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights for the adoption of the universal declaration of the united nations on 10 december 1948 had a new one.
 the committee commends the broad protection of human rights in the slovenian constitution, in particular to guarantee the human rights of women.
 er, on the basis of this, the world has not been in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination was therefore the principle of a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrated a historic process of history, and that the process of the process is extremely uncertain, and that the process has begun in many political difficulties.
 since the government of the government gazette, the number of visitings from the print services bureau (swc) has increased from 60000 in april to nearly 60000.
 this situation is not yet in the case of the previous case or in the case of the committee.
 the state party may wish to deal with this type of problems in the near future.
 the work of the committee's work of the commission will depend on the modalities of its members and the modalities of its members.
 the letter to the registration of registration shall be confirmed by the original school.
 the present contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed by the working group and the provision of travel services in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we do not mean that " the " quantity " is not important.
 the country of the congo was generally felt that the end of the international community to put an end to the conflict is not taking place.
 one of the requirements of users is to assess the damage caused by the floods to crops and infrastructure.
 the government has therefore made the 1 step in advance of the market co-operation between the two exchanges and clearings of hong kong.
 with regard to the mano river union, regional offices must assist the implementation of the confidence-building measures in september and october in september and october.
 the crime and the maximum limits of a criminal act and the maximum limits of a crime, the minimum and maximum limits.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by the shooting of the shot.
 in the waiting time to analyse the waiting time for care, the applicant may be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids.
 as for example, cars have lost their own life.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony with peace and harmony in ensuring peace and harmony, and together promote the world's different ethnic and cultural development.
 on food prices, i do not know what the business changes in china can be done.
 this has not only been able to strengthen the ability of local production, but also enables hong kong to produce services in asia, " the spokesman added.
 i think that all people will understand, and we are very happy to have come to members of the members of the year 17 years.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms are mainly relatively minor.
 in cooperation with the relevant agencies of the united nations, the coordination of related issues is also appropriate.
 in the face of a wide range of products, parents have much better choices.
 if the number of double-digit figures, the consequences will definitely be very serious.
 it will continue to seek voluntary repatriation for those vietnamese and la la las, and will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system has been working well in 1999.
 at the same time, the entry into force of the comprehensive test-ban treaty is crucial for the maintenance of nuclear testing.
 article 31 of the basic law provides that the residents of hong kong residents have travel and exit.
 it was also considered that this may be a precedent which led to the possibility that all types of boats will be issued through a notification.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the legal advice, the government will never make a legal view.
 as at the end of august 1997, there were 34 chinese state-owned enterprises listed in hong kong through a total of us$ 70000000000 in hong kong.
 more than 30 tons of relief items have been delivered to goma, with the air and land assets of monuc.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the challenges posed by globalization and new technologies for the implementation of drugs in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women are reflected in the gaps in working life.
 on the other hand, it was not impossible for a trade in egypt before the borders of 1994.
 madam president, in fact, the processions are not the right of a small number of people, but also political demands.
 the delay, which affects the credibility of about the credibility of the talks.
 14. recently, the companies and foundations of the private sector have increased significantly in cooperation with the united nations at a global level.
 there are no other views of the teacher's teacher. "
 i am extremely excited.
 there are two identity cards, one of the israelis, and is another one of the residents.
 as a result of time, i have not been able to make all the services of the service.
 this is a worry about the recent developments in britain's political developments.
 the model includes a model of the models and fimitic models in the area of the perssian persian gulf and the model.
 9 of this percentage points from changes from currency exchange rates.
 the typically illegal arms deals with the administrative facilities of the import and export of arms and export<unk> exporters.
 switzerland will never tolerate the financial system of switzerland to tolerate the financial system of switzerland, and it is not tolerated in the future.
 most of the job vacancies will be required for graduates or places of graduates and monthly salary ranges from $ 8000 to $ 16000.
 details of the construction works in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the details of the committee's functions, please see the text of the financial and capital markets of the capital and capital markets act.
 it was hoped that in the near future, the national television television broadcasts in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth of commonwealth are highly complementary and supported by the commonwealth's official activities.
 the chinese delegation believed that the international nuclear disarmament efforts are at the end of the 10 characters of hos ho.
 because mr leung has more time, the honourable leung has more time to write, and therefore i support it.
 the observer for the indians, africa and the inter-american association of the americas, believes that the non-american population is a minority in argentina.
 " we plan to conduct an employer opinion survey in the next three years each year to grasp the performance of university graduates.
 we are also not cleared by the chinese side of hong kong as a result of the chinese government officials as a pretext for the mainland.
 the commissioner was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001, at the 5 plenary session of the 5 plenary meeting.
 however, the model law establishes the assessment criteria for the conduct of conducting the conduct of conducting the conduct of conducting services, the dependence and certification service providers.
 as a result, the emergence of the gap between the state programme is expected to be low.
 the commission will consider specific topics on specific topics.
 " the hong kong special administrative region supports the mainland as soon as possible to join the wto as soon as possible.
 in south africa, for example, there is only a telephone telephone phone with each of the 5300 populations in south africa.
 the media must respect the dignity and reputation of the bodies and the bodies of the institutions.
 the israeli authorities also closed several days of closures between the gaza strip and egypt, each time closed for several days.
 as a result of the discharge of unloading, the cost of the loading of transport costs will be reduced, and all departments are benefiting.
 it is one of the people's appliator.
 3. 2 is the development of knowledge, technical and technical skills to hong kong.
 she wants to do what can be done, such as radio, television, writers, sports, singing, singing and piano and bullets.
 talking about taiwan's children's growth, it is indeed difficult to take the impact on them.
 as a result of the cost of freight costs, it can be added to the value of the cost of compensation.
 in fact, the secretary for housing invites me to explain the relationship with the reconstruction of the zone.
 an independent expert group has entrusted an independent expert, to encourage consultants to work in a transparent and transparent manner.
 i did not see such a report, but they are often heard of such reports.
 (a) the company who are interested in renting the cyberport in the cyberport will be required to submit formal applications.
 for movies, hou hsiao-hsien's hou-yin's paughuals, " says yang yan-chang's young people.
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director-general of health, the director of health, said that some four years can be reached.
 it is very difficult for it.
 in the department's central agency, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of current staff, of which 1<unk>3 of whom are managerial management.
 the court believes that the buyers did not fulfil its obligation to the payment of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall undertake a channel for the human rights commission on human rights, as well as channels for the league of arab league.
 if the current session of the draft sponsoring member states will create a record, that would be the real olympic performance of the 1stream.
 iraq has requested iraq to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently made a report on the status of the financial centre of the sfc and the financial centre.
 the conference considered that the holding of elections was the privileges of the general assembly, not the privileges of the general assembly, not the privileges of the security council.
 the visitors will also bring back back to some of the modern civilizations.
 we have set a big objective. we have set up the development of hong kong's development as a region of asia.
 at the meeting, the director of social welfare, mr cheng lam-chuen and the fund of the fund management committee, is a new year.
 mrs selina chow suggested that the use of the " juvenile police " proposal to strengthen the use of " juvenile police ".
 there was no breakthrough in the overseas markets.
 with regard to the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that his argument is misacacated.
 shanghai <unk> import <unk> international trade and export companies, zhejiang province of zhejiang province, is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 for example, hong kong shipping companies are advised to make up the economic cost-effectiveness of the shipments in the mainland.
 the consolidation of peace in the united states is a priority for the united states and the people of sierra leone after the eight years of civil war.
 it was said that the history of history was that the history of history is exactly the case.
 the national development framework of the transitional government has demonstrated the role of the country's economic and social role.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the expansion of the reference of the employment bureau to cover all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the democratic republic of the congo, without this momentum, that international support will be invalid.
 however, many of the industrialization partners still have to work to reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that the delegation had become a member of the commission, and has always been very active in its mandate.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of the world as a whole.
 <unk> the director of information services, mr choi choi, was the director of the information services department on january 7, 2001.
 the dancers of the dancers were packed with flowers, and then put aside the audience.
 the most worrying of the situation in the social sphere of the united nations is disturbing.
 as a result, it again said that the child has been infected with the child.
 questionnaires have been sent to all programme and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to introducing the beauty of the syms, the team will take into the world.
 the aim is to be made to pressure on 3-party pressure, peace-building, which will no longer wage war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire was reported today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill to the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of the community should not allow them to get to the end of the past.
 we must not forget that all these are public money, and we cannot afford to waste.
 on the contrary, local universities, local universities, will increase the number of local universities.
 i have recently attended the participation of the population in the district.
 a copy of these written statements are immediately addressed to the prosecutor or the person or the person to these written statements.
 qin ching said that james soong arrived at the xian's 1 station on may 5, he will meet in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also notes that the additional information was provided during the consideration of the report and subsequent additional information.
 north korea's operation of a major train explosion occurred on the 22 day of north korea's high-power explosion.
 the activities of the special rapporteur include a broad overview of the civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 i cannot agree with the sentiments of the people of hong kong, and i cannot agree with the sentiments of hong kong people.
 however, international trafficking in human beings are also involved in other areas, including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 i do not believe in itself, but i have often heard religions in religion.
 as a result, i am afraid that the government of the sar government would only be eligible for the future special administrative region government.
 we need to assess the impact of the electoral administration and the impact of the legislative council, " the spokesman said.
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai's point of analysis.
 as a matter of fact, we have made some of the implementation of its provisions, particularly on the provisions of mine-clearing activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america has increased by 12 per cent per year.
 the number of unemployed, uh, was reduced to 19.30000, and for the first time for the first time in four years to 200000.
 in 2004, the us export bank provides financial assistance to us$ 17800000000 in the world market for us$ 17800000000 in the world market.
 on wednesday, 5 june, on wednesday, 5 june and on thursday, two informal ministers were held on thursday, 6 june and held two informal ministers.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of adopting legal action on the pollution of old sites and the pollution problem of the treasury.
 the proposed account for the office of operations was set up in the office of operations, with a total of 18 posts from the regular budget.
 in taiwan, he said, " the main references made by the government of chen shui-bian's " new middle route ".
 on the basis of a double-ged sword, we are here to have a double-ged sword.
 in addition, transport department has increased the daily range of bus-of-spot inspections and take up a daily site to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only written in the constitution, not only in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members, the situation in the central african republic of the central african republic.
 if it is hoped that the meeting will be at the scene, the meeting is 2105 in the united states congress, 2105 in the united states congress.
 the records shall be subject to 3 years after the end of the final release of the last person.
 as a result of china, china has dropped 2200000000.
 at bangkok, a large number of bangkok people is preparing for the year before the wto's wto centre.
 we fully support the statement issued by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives, which are a similar statement.
 during the period, the urban taxi taxi taxis will be able to look at the car parks for nearly ming road, the car parks for nearly ming road.
 the united nations transfer of conventional arms transfers is a transparent measure of the law transfers of sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers continue to be streamlined as a result of the uncertainty in economic growth and operational prospects.
 it requires social consensus, " the spokesman said.
 this penalty applies only to citizens of the czech republic, but also those who have no refugee status.
 whenever i went to the young children, i all have a very serious picture.
 the african human rights and peoples rights commission also participated in the international seminar.
 the study of gender disparities and inequality affecting gender disparities and inequality affecting the process of gender disparities and inequality affecting the process of risk.
 according to a conservative estimate, these technical applications could reach a few billions of us$ 400000000.
 the government today (december 22) announced the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory committee (lab) for a period of two years.
 the 3 category is to be particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " in the east asian region, there has been a lot of finances in the east asian region, and it should also be used, " he said.
 the swd has contacted the family members of chen autumn, providing psychological counsel.
 the cost of accommodation for the state is up to 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbate the changes in the post-cold-war period.
 it appears that there are difficulties in determining the number of refugees in the camps in west timor.
 there is almost no place for these people, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces are not invited to withdraw from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of police recruitment, salary payments, training and management proposals were equally applied to the prison guards.
 " checks are also found to be sufficient to cope with traffic, public utility facilities and other areas. "
 now, after the nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or reflected in some international conventions.
 after the buildings, the ministry of the buildings department of the department of buildings and opise buildings, etc.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish hong kong for hong kong to be a sunlight, and our well-being, prosperity and prosperity.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing manufacturing in hong kong has been the main driving force of economic development.
 therefore, we first emphasize the obligation of the nuclear powers to the ctbt, which has been concluded by the nuclear powers in 1996, with obligations under the ctbt.
 in contrast, the largest internet services provided by the united states has only maintained a network of networking each 20 users.
 since the opening of the reform, small and medium-sized enterprises, the country's medium-and medium-and medium-sized enterprises have made a significant contribution to the world's strategic goals.
 in my country, because of the warming of warming and so long, it will be long for three years.
 in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to live in the general hall of this hall.
 <unk> there is no provision for the guardian of the guardian of the guardian of the guardian of the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, the measures agreed to include the implementation of a uniform document for national citizens in the region.
 it is a hard friend to say that friends are truly friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, the problem of unemployment, employment and other difficulties, such as the employment of workers, employment and other difficulties have been plagued for some time.
 " even if they entered into taiwan, we should not abandon the " play ". "
 otherwise, the draft articles will lose its most effective role in the draft articles.
 as a result, the average inflation rate in last year has increased significantly.
 in other words, we would no longer want to allow the right to use drugs and antibiotics.
 these greek cypriots are at the age of 66.
 on the weekend in the weekend, the same forecasts have been made on the weekend in the weekend.
 the project could also allow more public to know that cultural diversity and maintaining a diversity of diversity and their interest in this area could also be desirable.
 in view of the large number of applicants, the government is studying research whether there is a need to increase the quota of loans.
 the seizure was carried out in accordance with the criminal procedure of the code of criminal procedure and was carried out by the judges.
 it is clear that the only way he has to die for the death of students is the only way.
 on the basis of a standard drug-care facility at unrwa's primary health care facilities, it is based on basic medical supplies.
 the soil plan is not only a reassement of land, and it is not just a relocation of land.
 on this subject, the conference was trying to remind people that one person or maimed by anti-personnel mines were killed or maimed by anti-personnel landmines.
 when arriving in the neighbourings of the neighbours, some of the crafts can buy a number of crafts.
 motorists are advised to conduct the command of police officers and observes at the scene.
 the conclusion of this conclusion was astonished, since the legal adviser had previously received irregularity with respect to the defence of defence counsel.
 with the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding the existing material or individual scope of existing social security systems.
 amputation give them to leave their life-long marks, which affect their ability to work, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries had declined at the same time.
 after the implementation of the scheme, many colleagues are expected to begin the journey of lifelong learning.
 he was reportedly hiding after his father's complaint, and the ministry of interior officials said that the ministry of interior officials reportedly visited his home.
 other officers of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man who was arrested in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only place for low-skilled employment opportunities is the only place in the lower-level service sector.
 the project demonstrates that the current limited policy experience of small enterprises, based on the previous policy experience and performance of credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau's claim is the " youth charter " for the youth charter ".
 the three men suspected of conspiracy to deceive the woman's money.
 they are based on the basis of monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies, and implemented a gradual and step-by-step market.
 from international moral and international law, it is not possible to support the united states and the united kingdom for war.
 real development concepts should be fully respected by all universally universally universally recognized human rights.
 the state practice indicates that the length of the duration of the persons concerned have the option of the right to choose.
 the ferventive of the islamic state of afghanistan looks forward to the consideration of the previous agenda, which would also be re-examined by the security council.
 countries have achieved a large number of countries living in poverty, although a large number of economic crisis has led to a setback in the asian economic crisis.
 as a result, some countries in the poor countries have not been able to obtain funds.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the areas of security and economic spheres.
 " the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration in the situation in the territory and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department was closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, we should be committed to achieving the goal of achieving a multi-ethnic man, with a view to joining the goals.
 faic companies found that the development of development, manufacturing and sales, and many world-known consumer products are well-known in many world-known consumer products.
 later, the veinterists also present a review of the chickens, which confirmed that all chickens were not infected with avian flu.
 the secretariat has analysed a number of missions survey data and verified the self-sustain maintenance rate.
 if a total of the floods in the northwest northwest new territories, it must be implemented by the shenzhen river administration project.
 neither legal and ethical norms are often caused by capitalism, organized crime and corruption.
 in his 1 works, chen sheng-yu's work in the first works of the queen's work.
 the one-way trips between the two places can be shortened to 40 minutes from the current one hour.
 the report has been described as a result of the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territory.

 at least 17, 38 individuals were killed and 38 were killed.
 the working group and international human rights services, the working group, together with international human rights services, has dealt with these issues in 1997, which was held in 1997.
 28 officers of the immigration department and 13 police officers raided 7 targets in sham shui po.
 the contracting authority would have to consider the need for control of measures to be taken into account.
 the economic growth of both developed and developing countries, as well as the economic growth of economic restructuring, economic growth in countries with economies in transition to trade and foreign exchange.
 according to the same source, more than 800 were alleged to have been killed in the war of the nepalese communist party (unitism).
 in accordance with a law, " a person who commits an offence of terrorist activity is the responsibility of legal responsibility for terrorist activities.
 sir, the smell problems will be a complete solution for next year after next year.
 over 200 million children were killed in armed conflict, with over 600 million left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 " it is also a great help to develop ecological tourism, " the spokesman said.
 essentially, this is a physical commitment in the north-west side.
 if there has been no improvement or impact, the department has been unable to make improvements or impacts.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids is also concerned about the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region.
 in addition, we are once again one of the economic and most competitive economy in the world.
 the construction of the construction contract between the highways department today (july 20) signed the construction of the kinmen ltd.
 in hong kong, i have mentioned that there are 382 in the basic law.
 thirdly, pragmatic cooperation in non-traditional security are carried out in the area of non-traditional security.
 from june this year to july this year, most of the major sectors of the major sectors and underemployment conditions are stable.
 this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, more people with disabilities have been absorbed by the market.
 in addition, australia was actively involved in the drafting of negotiations on the suppression of the international convention on the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the " factories and industrial operations (scription) regulation, will provide effective implementation of the protection scheme.
 the letter does not have to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya, which will only cause the opposite results.
 we firmly believe, however, that the secretary-general's report contains the right framework for the future in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, there is an absolute number of people in the world.
 we look forward to further cooperation with the industry in this regard, " the spokesman said.
 the state party submits that the same respect should be applied to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of conflict in the region is the inter-ethnic dispute with crop farming with crop farming in the region.
 the amendments have also reserved land for the community to develop fire fire services and open space and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no other choice but only from liberia.
 the details of the details are also available for further studies, which will also provide assistance to those who upgrade the language.
 chen was beautifully sitting on the waves of bones and time from time to time and time.
 in fact, in terms of jurisdiction's jurisdiction, the recommendations of the garrison law and the current practice of the garrison law is virtually the same.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of a resource centre for the establishment of the judiciary is not to encourage the proceedings of the proceedings.
 the chairman of the joint meeting of the joint conference wishes to speak for the discussion of the discussion and will take follow-up actions on the recommendations.
 we will also prepare for the review of the district council's review of the district boards for 2003.
 vehicle passageways in the secretariat of 1 avenue is restricted to the vehicle passageway, with a special label to the special label, a special label.
 in the face of village pressures, the villagers were telrbed for three years.
 the institute of land in el salvador was established as a executing institution for land transfer plan, which is the result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided by the information, the advisory committee does not oppose these posts.
 information on the whereabouts of the girl was to mong kok police station, please contact mong kok police station at 2398 629.
 in 1997, the institute had designated a formal certificate of evidence to implement quality and productivity programmes.
 this morning, we have little time, and i would like to focus on two three issues.
 to this end, emphasis on education has increased the necessary means and means of developing countries to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army, and it also affirms the command of the factions from the army.
 the field asset control system is aimed at a series of audited responsibility for the united nations assets, that is, at the end of the initial procurement period.
 but it could not be possible.
 for security reasons, these substances must be unexploded, without unexploded, untrustable and non-readable gas, unless gases and non-remable gas.
 the offence of treason is already in a common law system in the common law system.
 worse, as a result of the destruction of a threat to nuclear weapons, seemed to have been taking root in many of the brains.
 in the village, the village has been able to walk away from the village.
 armed conflict in the darfur region began in february last year.
 the right of serious discrimination is the international protection of human rights, especially for the protection of a pluralistic system.
 the procedure for the commission is confidential, in accordance with the relevant rules, any document or address of the rules shall not be available.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, i believe hong kong will continue to rebound in the future.
 the so-called choice is to choose whether or not the purchase contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it will be a challenge.
 they are inclined to retriate the loss of retributing the loss of retination.
 at that time, governor patten is busy to prepare the conservative party general elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases to friday, friday, friday, friday, 16 november 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one defendant has been brought to court trials.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must coordinate with the role of the court with the role of the court.
 the loss of life, especially the lives of children, are always sad and sadly sadd, and it is sadly sadd, and that of the boundaries of ethnic and religious boundaries.
 the amount seized for the operation was included in the operation of $ 50000.
 in recent years, the world economy has experienced a rapid change in the world economy.
 these guidelines have been set up in the department's homepage.
 they are of the view that it was not a technical technology, and it was not a scientific theoretical level.
 while the member states are required to strengthen the representative of the field, its progress is being hampered by a shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time, at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb exploded in the town of the town centre.
 security guards at the session of the session, as well as the personal inspectors, will be issued for special permits to the united nations security and security service.
 the latest map of the latest map and the newly received images have been transmitted by quick access to aid agencies.
 the programme provides for 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, without gender discrimination.
 the united nations peacekeeping force and the united nations agencies in carrying out its mandate, however, carried out mine-clearing activities in his mandate.
 the government of cambodia provides legal protection for the hiv <unk> aids population in cambodia, and the human rights of these persons are protected.
 therefore, once again, the housing department's question once again will be able to check the housing department for enquiries.
 drop-out rates in secondary school are still higher than boys, both in secondary and universities, and for men and universities.
 <unk> 2 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 there is no difficulties in the establishment and access of such private schools.
 i would never imagine that she had been able to change her own experience.
 when motorists are accumulated, it will be given the warning letter to the transport department's warning letter.
 in the hands of the united states, he was in the hands of the united states.
 chairman of the agency for capital co-operation, the senior adviser of the world bank of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in the investments, it is better to do business.
 it should also take into account the changes in the international system for the past 10 years, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 some things cannot be said, and we certainly see it.
 cuba has been proposed to remove the cuban sugar quota for cuba in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government continues to recruit candidates to recruit candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the following day must be reported to the gende.
 mr boilson will speak on the modernization of the laws of the hong kong sar.
 the more voters to vote, of course, the more in our 1 legislative council, the more representative.
 the ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic missiles can be
 if he is not sufficiently enough, i believe it would be better than a rest, and i believe it would be better.
 this practice is obviously an obvious part of the administration of administration.
 in december 1963, armed attacks on the turkish cypriot population was a ethnic cleansing movement against turkish cypriots.
 his delegation proposed that, in addition, the model should also include models.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand, " the spokesman said.
 the chinese delegation expressed its appreciation of the delegation of china to express its appreciation for the work of the subject.
 there is no person to turn to him.
 with regard to the destabilization of the state of marriage, she asked whether to identify the root causes of the family division.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than a year earlier than one year.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of members of the commission on innovation and technology, and the appointment of special advisers to the commission on innovation and technology (april 20).
 he will conduct major changes in the securities and futures markets and to strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 thus, the attention of non-governmental organizations and other important groups have led to the participation of non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels of activities.
 the mission said that most of this most had been caused by external forces, not to control groups and individual actions.
 " the success and the current efforts of our colleagues in the past, and the current efforts of our colleagues, " he added.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to raise the standard of living standards and improvement services, parents, parents, on the basis of household income, is paid.
 however, further efforts should be made in order to make greater efforts to promote the outcome of the work.
 those who cannot be allowed to support those criminal acts, subsidized them, or other ways in support of these offences.
 on july 26, this year, a security guard was seen in sha tin on july 26 this year.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their own action.
 with the traditional business environment, the marketing can only take care of the client's clients with access to their clients.
 article 54 of the constitution provides that in article 54 of the constitution, the territory of the republic of territory shall be protected by the law.
 the member states of the european union had a three-year time for the period of three years to enable them to reach a consensus on 6 june 2000.
 the pfp has a considerableger, taking a press conference, with a view to a press conference, with a view to a press conference.
 it reiterates the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 in the region of the region, the performance of the region of the region continues to be dominated by the japanese economy.
 it is not easy to say that people who do not use themselves.
 he can only be sold in a nutch.
 in the near future, the fisher of taiwan's water production test has become a year.
 despite numerous resolutions, the security council has issued numerous resolutions, multi-ethnic, multicultural and multitude of religious societies are being eliminated.
 in accordance with the supervision and standards of supervision and standards, the hkma will implement the functions and standards of supervision by the sfc.
 he returned to the first time for the first time to return to the star.
 we would like to see the true global mission of the university of peace and to bear a truly global mission.
 population estimates are an important parameters for projections and projections, which are equally helpful to private and commercial institutions and research.
 more than few years ago, friends were invited to attend the lunar new year's eve party in chinese schools.
 the government of the united states recognized the diplomatic bank of cuba to enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the rule shall be paid as a result of the instrument of the cocoration category.
 among the competitions, students have to deal with the problems of accidents, such as power cuts, black attacks, equipment interruption, equipment interruption, equipment interrupted, equipment interrupted.
 we are now considering the views of the industry, and we are now considering the views of the industry.
 the staff members of the board also visited undcp in thailand and the field offices in thailand and china.
 there is no special reference to the bill, which is not specifically mentioning the issue of a company or a company or a company.
 it is not surprising that the chinese people would like to avoid the name of the name.
 the department of health had provided health education and disinfections from the family members of the disease and disinfected their residence.
 i would like to turn to post-conflict peace-building, given the current situation in our country, and we are also concerned about this issue.
 the non-governmental organization also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the recommendations of the special rapporteur's recommendations.
 we have refused to turn into a single aspect.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of the question of palestine in the middle east, which is the process of addressing the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members agreed that the council members agreed to do so, i would like to do so.
 these threats, including the concept of the sovereignty of the sovereignty of the sovereignty, has been accompanied by the emergence of technological concepts.
 the maintenance of the world's security and peace cannot be working on the development of the international community.
 a number of emergency was extended on 15 december by a number of state of emergency in lilima, which was again extended on 15 december.
 a few days later, after the taliban occupied mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners of prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missiles are unique in their unique nature.
 it is the policy of the government's policy to adopt a standard support platform for the application of open standards as support platforms.
 in addition, there are 106 private care centres for private care centres, at 106.
 after this incident, both sides had taken military operations, but the front line did not change major changes.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a series of new interesting games.
 however, some immediate dangers of the departments concerned will take immediate action on some immediate danger.
 the committee was able to take new images in the database of the commission's database, and in the database of the commission's database.
 the estimate of local employment personnel included a 10 per cent vacancy rate.
 from coal to natural gas from coal to natural gas, the use of sulphur, nitrogen, and carbon dioxide emissions.
 works will start early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 large establishments are included in the manufacturing sector, with 100 or more or more in other sectors, for more than 50 or more in other sectors.
 section 2, chapter 23 of the swedish criminal code, is lower than that of the maximum limits to the crime, which is lower than the maximum limits of completed offences.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282, from the list of non-self-governing territories, from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the esteemed king of the world's esteemed kingsan ii, king of morocco, died of illness.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwanda operation of rwanda and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 60 are carried out by the non-governmental organizations and the remaining 19 were organised by the department.
 finally, i would like to refer to two spain's particular concern.
 there will be an unauthorable vehicle in the vehicle.
 secondly, small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") uses the capacity of information technology in the small and medium-sized enterprises (" " smes ").
 during the 8 days, the u.s.a and wen't have been 2.
 over 2000, more than 2000 basinlands will be displayed at the hong kong park, hong kong's next 13 to 16.
 this survey will provide assistance to the entire territory of the entire territory, in particular poverty, information-to-date information.
 one of the hot spots of the family's concern is the new year's new year's program.
 in 1993 the abolition of the death penalty in hong kong in 1993 is precisely the global trend of respect for human rights.
 people are also aware of the effectiveness of pmimiting and other disorders, and other disorders are also effective.
 15 catholics and international charity in this humanitarian organization, as well as many staff, were said to have been executed in dili.
 in particular, he made an amendment to the legislative council in 1999.
 china's foreign ministry of foreign affairs of china and vice secretary for foreign affairs, beijing, held in beijing.
 he will address a keynote address, jointly organised by the hong kong trade development council and the french association of france.
 if, the international community can co-operate with each other.
 on 19 january 2001, the ministry of finance has submitted a response to the procedural order of 19 january 2001.
 he said: " the primary objective of the government is to stabilize the property market, and the property market will not be big, " he said.
 if i have just said, mr lau ping-cheung has just said to say that if the application is to apply.
 the sponsor delegation said that the text of the proposal could be found in article 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any event, it is necessary to begin the data to collect the data on its storage and production records.
 it should be paid to note that the data contained in these tables are based on various agencies from various agencies.
 i remember that some people have used many such as the wording of " the interests of " the interests of " and so on.
 i believe that many people would not agree in principle against the levy of land departure tax.
 under the contract, the question of transport <unk> transport matters must be agreed upon by the regional forests.
 the angolan armed forces also continued to be in the south-eastern part of the south-eastern part of the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decided to extend the scheme, we intend to continue to be able to provide assistance for the assistance of affected labour shortages.
 they used the german recycled train trains in germany. the cost speed is $ 80000000000, and the price is $ 80000000000.
 in 2001, the court received the embroidery of the government of the people's republic of china.
 such work will continue to be made by the division, and the specific situation may be considered and approved by consideration and approval.
 police will take special arrangements on hong kong island to take special arrangements on hong kong island to be held on january 6.
 in accordance with the economic situation of the students, private universities give a reduction in tuition fees.
 improving the relationship between us and egypt, and to restore multilateral negotiations, the common objective of our region is indispensable.
 his power was extremely strong, and he was able to seize him, and he was able to seize him.
 a number of police officers would like to make a copy of the question of the perpetrators.
 even though he was uncomforted, the pharmaceutical quality of oil was not sold in medicine.
 it welcomed the adoption of the treaty on the non-nuclear-weapon states, which has ratified the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel has also continued to be open to the tunnels of al-quda al-qa al-qa al-qa al-qa al-qa al-qa al-qasa mosque.
 in fact, after the spring festival holiday this year, the travel industry has not received any complaints from visitors to travel to visitors.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places, " the spokesman said.
 he then said, " he added.
 the ministry of defence has carried out an adjustment to the ministry of defence to reflect the fact that the latter had entered into service.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the demonstration, we should not relax our spirit.
 the private car immediately fled the scene at the scene at sha tau kok road to the scene.
 although evidence of evidence is still, they are still defending themselves today.
 a variety of approaches to control of these monopolies have been adopted by governments.
 it must be noted, however, that they are not fair and unfair.
 i am sure, not only the influence of the future will also affect the future.
 the level of environmental problems of environmental issues have been done, even as usual, reference to assistance for development assistance.
 our immunization system is like the army, like the army, and it can be used by the army.
 there is a high degree of indifference and participation of citizens and voters.
 this has led to a decline in the ground in the gaza strip and led to salt water from seawater to east africa.
 in my view, we have an important significance in this week to demonstrate our commitment to the international health of this international community.
 i would also like to express my appreciation and appreciation for the secretary-general and thank him for his report today.
 we need to meet the international responsibility, " the spokesman said.
 argentina, on its part, has made sacrificed democracy after several decades of political instability.
 the west gates of the west is only a lot of legendary and marking a lot.
 as we all know, we are very familiar with the world's birthday.
 as a matter of fact, it is an important part of the united nations in the work of the united nations.
 during the history of history, there is no other child diet, with no other child diet.
 our entire continent's entire continent, as well as to the heart of the peoples of our peoples, has brought brightness, " the spokesman said.
 the chairman of the advisory committee on the establishment of a new ad hoc committee, mr. chairman of the ad hoc committee, has made a good basis.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to be a means of punishable by the international community, with the aspirations of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures were reported in recent years, and 913 kg of cocaine reported in 2000 seizures of 913 kg.
 pakistan supports the proposal of mexico's proposal, which will seriously consider the request of the international court of justice to supplement budgetary requests.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (crc) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operational arrangements for the establishment of the scheme.
 he then was taken away by a police vehicle, which was taken away by a police vehicle, which was taken away by a police vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts for the protection of international nature should be carried out in a more substantive and substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has already made a direction for the development of the united nations.
 there is also a need to identify user users, and the outcome of the work of the evaluation.
 mr chan kam-lam has said that his statement was my shorter, but i shall still have a shorter statement.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to the role of other international forums to deal with other international forums.
 the court of appeal of the united states in the 11 circuit court of the united states overthrowing the decision by district court.
 with regard to this point, 30000 displaced persons in the southern area of equational zones and 150000 displaced persons in the northern part of kagaga were received without assistance.
 as a result of the war and air strikes in kabul at the end of july, some international groups had to leave the city.
 in response to the existing economic environment, we urge the government to consider reducing the cost of pre-employment training, " the spokesman added.
 at best, i can only make a direct close to the local saying that the government is not going to do.
 the operation of the operation is a total of less than $ 40 per year: unhcr received less than $ 40 per year.
 an additional 10 per cent payment should be received on 31 december, with a view to the floating of the exchange rate.
 the president of the president and mrs. mrs. <unk>.
 it will be an appropriate forum for the world trade conference to be held in seattle.
 in the case of the above-mentioned issue, the special session recommended the basic capacity of primary and secondary school students, university graduates and professional groups.
 for this reason, if the so-called conseverance of the so-called approach, the so-called rejection of the so-called " rejects of the so-called " abandonment of language is unsuitable.
 regular and processing satellite-6-minute filmings-6-6 minutes and 7.
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24, 2000.
 as for the specific components of these two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically favoured.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports increased up to 2<unk>3 and colombian's growth.
 the recent example is that the most recent example is in the construction of the country parks.
 the inventory records envisaged in various types of items are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors of the hong kong institute of surveyors is a keynote speaker in the workshop.
 the 12 juvenile teenagers arrested in the operation of june 15 was also released on bail.
 this is all possible regularly to the israeli ministry of foreign affairs, but there is no progress in which there is progress.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to collect information on regional activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she would also like to know how the information and the commission can provide information on the use of non-governmental organizations, with information and committees.
 in order to safeguard the interests of consumers, i have moved this motion debate on behalf of the democratic party on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general's support of the director-generals policy, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 but the 15 different countries of different countries were footwear.
 in accordance with the procedures stipulated in the treaty, the procedures for the provisions of the treaty shall be assisted in the procedure of the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed in order to ensure that the remaining 70000 people are able to return to their homes.
 the list of states that is not a shorter or short, direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the construction industry also saw the construction industry, and the transport industry and the manufacturing sector.
 as a result of the budgetary constraints, some limitations on the costs of assignments and expenditures provided for the assignments.
 this is the fact that there is a need for a period of time-of-the-old measures to be punishable.
 every weekend, in the next class, these local masters have been filled with parents and traffic.
 the latter did not want to see one thing that the government has directive banks to deal with its business.
 for enquiries, please call 245199<unk> please call 245199<unk> please call 2734 900.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be able to look at a unit.
 the procedure for the seizure of the assets of the assets of the assets of georgia, the georgian code, in detail in article 190 to 2001.
 " in addition to the case, we also consider the need to expand the training and traffic aspects, " he said.
 since the united nations established 50 years, albania has been one of the most sadmous dictatorships of the continent.
 we are not in favour of adopting pressure on the settlement of the nuclear issue on the korean nuclear issue.
 then, you would ask what i would like to say what i would like to say that they would not be allowed to join you.
 he was subsequently detained for a few days later.
 investigations by traffic investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty against anti-personnel landmines.
 furthermore, article 13 to 18 should be considered by the international system for consideration of the specific activities of the subject of specific activities.
 counsellor of the us embassy in italy, embassy of the soviet embassy in italy.
 the legitimate commercial activities of the conflict in conflict areas should be established with a self-regulation of self-regulation.
 the terms of preconditions should be fair, non-discrimination and objective, and the object of non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is positive.
 as the spokesman added, all flats will not be sold for sale at the home ownership scheme.
 during the same period, there was 5 300 births in hong kong, while the number of births were 3300.
 however, i am informed of it, because the issue of this issue reflects the history of history and people in the balkans.
 when the future of hong kong's future talks, the chinese side can also be able to do so.
 over any other group, more than any other group, they need to be family, social and social councils and care.
 the pollution of pollution had been reported to have been exported by contaminated food, and food and food relocated food.
 with regard to children's choice of children, luxembourg had made reservations in the ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agreed that arms into the country have to be prevented from arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should discuss with the industry and to listen to them to listen to their views.
 i would like to have a little boy, and i would also like to refer to the victims of thousands of victims over the past 10 years.
 ni kuang talked about a woman's speech. "
 the overall programme of plans to assist girls and women raise their self-esteem.
 he strongly reaffirmed the determination of the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the communist secretary of the ccp hadn't came back to the revolution in pingjiang, the ccp's revolution.
 in promoting the farmer, there is a high degree of soil with the farmer, with the farmer, with the farmer, and the farmer has also been resumed.
 the advisory committee calls for a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding with these arrangements, but not yet to date.
 against the background of this background, the committee sought to understand the full range of violations of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 those who have lost their fighting is lost.
 the main reason for the result of the unencumbened balance was the result of termination of the troop-production programme.
 moreover, as a member of international contributions, we will continue to contribute to the palestinians, and we will continue to contribute to the palestinians.
 activities of scientific research and practical applications in the field of remote sensing is to be strengthened.
 in accordance with the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region (hksar) enjoy the election and elected rights.
 in the reporting period, 40-owned enterprises, creating or saved 79 jobs, creates or saved 79 jobs during the reporting period.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan, which had been conducted by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the countries of friendship, international organizations and the united nations itself to continue providing assistance to our country.
 we are instructing to convince the friends of the entrepreneurship: how we are honestly faced with their own.
 after a few months later, this storm has also made a very painful period of adjustment.
 ah, it was also closed yesterday yesterday, and yesterday was closed yesterday.
 after protest protests, part of the people's emotions were emotional and persistently crashed, and the police used high pressures to disperse the people.
 the programme of work for the establishment of trade points are only available in recent years.
 i think most of the most important thing is respecting the civil service, allow them to discuss the civil service.
 the committee expresses its concern at the change of the pensions system than that of men, which affect women's impact on women.
 (c) the force commander office: as a result of the sensitive nature of the office, cuts on two local level posts.
 in fact, a decision has been decided to reduce the world economy and international trade.
 the ministry of community development department and family support division has been carried out by the department for family development and family support division, campaigns, exhibitions and similar activities.
 the chief executive vice president of the gizmonmonmonon said: " the exhibition is extremely successful, " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should be viewed in a fair and equal manner in a fair and equal manner.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have been achieved, as well as a strategy for the implementation of its figures and diversity.
 the provisions of the joint declaration of the joint declaration is also found in article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked and kicked, and i was kicked.
 the us dollar deposits increased by 17 per cent in july and november, with a marked increase of 17 per cent in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 women's ability to participate fully in the social capacity depends on the economic and social rights of the economic and social rights of their rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees are clearly reflected in many of the issues that all the whole of mankind are common concern.
 it is necessary to end their despair and pain.
 " we are committed to the preservation of all hong kong's success, " mr tung said. "
 in the light of position, the chinese side has made a reasonable solution to the chinese side in this regard.
 of $ 12000000000, after all, only $ 123300000000 is used for the purchase of humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index reflects the changes in rent in hong kong households.
 this type of jurisdiction in the jurisdiction of this approach depends on whether it will proceed to the original guarantee.
 he believes that preparations for the beijing olympic games will be successful for the 2008 olympic games.
 in accordance with the recent previous session of its multi-year programme, the committee considered the key issues of productive employment at the last session of february this year.
 what can be done in the economic measure can be done and give us a general assessment.
 under the protection of maternity work in 2000, the protection of maternity protection is also banned from pregnant women to 21 weeks.
 the practical facilities in paraguagu also has significant improvement to the crossing of the river corridors as 2 major transport routes to road transport.
 you are welcome to see the visit.
 in this regard, the financial secretary also agreed to show that it will be implemented as soon as possible.
 for the public, the importance of the general assembly is also the same as the general assembly.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly are far more fast than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed at 2 am today (friday) early this (friday) morning.
 it was also reported that the national archives have been robbed on 12 may 1994.
 today, i am honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of china's space science and technological achievements.
 they have been disciplinaryly and acted as a result of the united nations, and for the united nations.
 these proposals have been the public's public opinion over the years. "
 " there is no need for undue the public, " the spokesman stressed.
 police urge members of the public to contact investigating officers of the kowloon east kowloon region to contact investigating officers of the kowloon east kowloon region.
 in this regard, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the system-wide timetable for the system-wide meeting.
 he was 7-year-old, spirit, and voices.
 this incident took place in the way near pashkati, which occurred in the way near the pashka.
 as a matter of fact, the number of unemployed in the total number of unemployed has been a few times.
 a number of industrial governments have allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to have access to debt from the beginning of the decision to begin.
 during the century and the millennium, we have seen the great accomplishments of human beings, and we see some carophic tragedy.
 in explanation of my amendment, mr deputy president, i would like to say a few debates on the subject of the debate.
 9 per cent of the casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 a 3 phase of the revolution will be used as the biotechnology revolution in the 3 phase of the revolution.
 in my view, understanding of the accuracy of the basic law for the purpose of the basic law is more important.
 acts of violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of these challenges.
 this provision provides for the growing demand for the people of iraq for food and medicines, which is the growing demand for the oil-for-food programme.
 note: the chinese trust fund and the chinese temples promulgated soon after the enactment of the chinese temple ordinance.
 it is well known that the choice of volunteering and compulsory recruitment is sometimes difficult, and it is sometimes difficult to distinguish.
 on the first pages of the first reading of the japanese, the japanese writer on the first day, i wrote this letter.
 at the same time, the rate of inflation continues to be high for the year, and it is expected that the annual inflation rate for the year will be close to 10 per cent.
 mr ip said that he believes that many of the voters in the legal profession think many of the voters in the legal profession.
 i have also very much agreed with the amendment to reduce the recommendations of some complex administrative requirements.
 it is clear that i do not have to repeat it that i do not have to repeat them.
 some of the conclusions and recommendations of the conference will be submitted to the conclusions and recommendations of the commission on its 1 session.
 management system is a complex project. it has a profound impact on the management of the united nations, the budget and financial work of the united nations.
 if you don't be able to buy a joint venture, it is also high.
 in conjunction with the relevant measures, customs services, the fire services department, lands department and the planning department will conduct the above-mentioned verification work.
 mr. wang ying ying (china) (interpretation from chinese): i would like to congratulate you, like my colleagues, to congratulate you for the presidency of the council.
 in addition, military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure security and secure security.
 the text of the text is to submit a number of political choices and rights to the states concerned, following the internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the report, police officers carried out investigation into the three rooms of the hotel and the three rooms on march 27.
 they must accept the continuing professional training and their registration <unk> authorized authority to consider renewal of renewal.
 in late february, the education department will invite parents to attend the school procedures in march each year.
 however, the implementation of these technology costs are enormous.
 i have also said that he hesitates hesitation and he is good.
 the contradictions of paragraph 3, in paragraph 3, has become more pronounced from the point of reality.
 the minimum service for the service of service will enable the people of every society to benefit from the end of every society.
 a view was expressed that the question of the insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i am not repeating the argument that i would like to repeat this argument that i would like to give them a point of fairness.
 at the time of the present group, the chairman shall declare the debate as a result of the debate.
 he said, " you can always contact the people's darkness, or it is most dark.
 i think the level of ceiling should be taken before the future should be taken before the future.
 sisters are suffering from starvation, guarding and stormed winds and snows.
 " we should continue to continue our efforts to enhance the level of service, which is the expectations of our society, " the spokesman said.
 it is a big step to lay a big step in the future.
 the members of the community is clearly strongly committed to the formulation of a bill of rights, which is established through the formulation of a bill of rights.
 in my view, it seems that the government has " own itself. "
 however, when his delegation went to new york, it was prevented from aviation security and prevented them from the united states.

 the united kingdom believed that the court should comply with a number of guidelines.
 in order to reduce capital out over the near term, i think the government should have more vigorously actively implement the policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties relates to the multilateral covenants and agreements, including the human rights convention, including the human rights convention.
 myanmar chose democratic path to democracy: the government of myanmar is in the process of establishing a market-oriented market economy.
 it was reported that, on 7 june 2000, rwandan soldiers were allegedly robbed of a 7, including five children, including five children.
 " we will submit an appeal to appeal, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of the land titles.
 this has led to more fragile people.
 we also think that the cultural life of hong kong is indeed a city, " he added.
 in a number of countries, cross-boundary cross-border negotiable instruments are under customs legislation, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange control.
 more than 95% of tax tax and individual income tax taxpayers can receive the tax refund within the next two weeks.
 we must overcome, however, that the japanese must be overcome.
 in the sudan, welfare and social development ministry for women and the ministry of social development are responsible for the tenth anniversary of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as chairman of the secretary-general of the coordination committee and the organizational committee, as well as the chairman of the organizational committee and the secretary-general.
 the exhibition was organized by italy's permanent mission and the department of public information that will end on friday, friday, friday, 5 november.
 similarly, the difference in life expectancy at birth is birth (table 3 and 5).
 secondly, the checks and balances between the executive and legislation is the balance of checks and balances.
 even if the shelling day does not have public transport, almost no one has been working on the streets.
 perhaps, after all, it may be very different.
 next, let's take a look at the iraq policy of the bush government to recall the iraq policy of bush.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigation of the capo's investigation by the capo.
 when i look at me, i would like to speak with me.
 despite a good financial performance, the structural adjustment programme has not been able to reach its objectives, and it was not possible to achieve its goals.
 right, it is a little difference.
 if we want the united nations to play a crucial position, we must bring the united nations to take a step forward by the united nations.
 in his budget, the financial secretary referred to the " lion rock " under his budget.
 public housing estates will be responsible for conducting the public housing estates under the ground, and to bear the expenditure on the ground.
 mr deputy, mr deputy, i am confident that my last meeting was my last meeting of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said, " the number of industrial accidents and accidents in the catering industry has a downward trend.
 the croatian police are also engaged in the control of a regular and vehicle patrols and patrols on a regular basis.
 mr cheung pointed out that this would be misunderstanding by the education department.
 the united nations is now more supportive than ever before the united nations needs more support.
 before the registration scheme legislation is formally implemented, the authorities will seriously consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, sir, is not appropriate to ask the question.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already laid down " winds " said that it would be possible to reduce the remuneration of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will launch a journey on the last 10-year visit to the last 10 north american visit to the last 10 days.
 exports from developing countries increased from 2 to 28 per cent in 1990 to nearly 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the court decided to submit this matter with the meeting of the parties to the meeting of the states parties.
 she was then allowed to give her shoes into his shoes.
 despite the need for analynassive analysis, the content of the collection of data is less than relatively small.
 the report notes, however, that the power of the people's purchasing power is very limited, but the purchasing power of the population is very limited.
 the advisory committee agreed to this view, and recommended that the current 2.7 per cent rate of the current 23.7 per cent rate was retained.
 the results of the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be the reason why the international community should not become an end-off reason.
 the authorities have been admitted to the ad hoc group and the interests of " national security " is about the interests of sovereign states.
 however, there is now a steady growth in the hong kong economy, and the surplus surplus has a surplus of many countries.
 this should be done in this way.
 the under-secretary-general has expressed its view to the scope of the time-frame for the commission.
 in many years, a large number of documents have been paid in a large number of documents, owing to a large number of documents caused by inadequate water supply.
 the treaty is limited to banning nuclear explosions, but nuclear weapons improved or produce new weapons, or new weapons systems.
 they replied that they were unable to receive him with him.
 as a whole, it can be much greater than its overall general and far greater extent.
 (b) the <unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk>
 those who will be misinterpretation from the green paper is indeed said to say that a green paper is said.
 in 1993, as a member of the appointment of china appointed by china, he also became a member of the institute of arbitrators in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority was given to cooperation in the long-term strengthening of the capacities and the promotion of human rights and the infrastructure in the infrastructure.
 the week of this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single uniform rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and for a single uniform reimbursement rate.
 we must be used to use the law of international law as the most powerful law.
 at present, scientific technological technologies are changing, and the scale of economic cooperation is unprecedented, and the world is speeding up towards multipolation.
 it is also the topic of the intervalatoral exchange between chinese and western china's art and the museum.
 in his sense of rationalness and sense, it was not commensurate with him.
 i spoke on the response of the exploitation of vice-related exploitation of the west african republic of africa.
 however, the fundamentalness of peace and national reconciliation is the most fundamental commitment of peace and national reconciliation.
 the expansion of chinese exporters and investors in the european union have increased significantly.
 there are few indications that the presence of an intense drug in fiji.
 the seminar was very tired.
 inwards, shen's life is the most strong species of taiwan's wildest.
 these women have also been subject to discrimination on different remuneration of women in their work, or are subjected to slavery in the labour force.
 (a) its economy exceeds 50 per cent of its economy<unk> (ii) for more than 50 per cent of its economy.
 for the 1 time in history, saint lucia had a woman head of female head.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 the phenomenon of fanaa is a product of a state of a country, which is a product of a state of his own ones.
 in recent years, there have been several groups who have not been able to talk about the direct elections in 1988.
 however, as the people's resumption of returns, east timor will need to be sustained, and there will be continuing resources for east timor.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police bureau was attacked by car bombs, killing at least five people and 19 injured.
 for several months, police have also been charged with violations of human rights and other irregular acts or criminal acts.
 his election highlighted his various advantages, his personal quality and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is a people-oriented industry, the entire trade cannot survive.
 each 10 per cent of the clom is required to be 173 and 133 pairs of streads.
 in order to remove the word " revive ", the words " revive ".
 at the same time, the department has been trained to deal with the hawkers.
 in the absence of non-signitized security, the debtors should be responsible for the debtors and the maintenance of the responsibility for the preservation of their assets.
 i am confident that these arrangements, in particular the mutual legal assistance of mutual legal assistance, will be lifted in the future.
 however, as a matter of urgency, we have not yet seen any meaningful progress.
 the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the site, but the scene was busy, but there was no casualties.
 the council has also started a new <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures were taken to ensure that they are in future.
 as noted above, the document is also not mentioned in section 8.
 the secretary for constitutional affairs, which i accepted the secretary for constitutional affairs, is that some things have been unable to do so.
 equitable wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies will need to be filled, and the meeting was suspended at the afternoon of the afternoon.
 the carpark adjacent to the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of the portfolio in the portfolio remained stable.
 many people are able to enjoy shopping for shopping, but pays a large number of debts, and the amount paid for a large amount of money.
 in mid-july this year, li on behalf of my country on behalf of my country on behalf of my country's disease to participate in the 8 world congress.
 the 3 ldc conference will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan of the ma wan island development plan.
 in accordance with that commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as the detailed information of the troop-contributing force.
 the chairpersons also stressed the need for full participation in the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents, and direct participation in the preparation of documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 november 12 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 small and happiness, he had his satisfaction and loved and love for the girl friend.
 mr cheung also published a keynote speech in " hong kong's occupational safety and health management:
 if you want to ask you one thing, i would like to look for you.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new airport, which is the most advanced, is the most advanced and other technical instruments that are set up.
 in spite of the limited financial resources in the economy, many small amounts could be generated by a large amount of money.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, it was stated that the contents of the draft bill was too complicated and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law and the international financial centre of hong kong.
 the allocation of resources for the biennium 2002-2003-2003 is shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the writers are not opposed to the grass-roots level of university students.
 it was not only at the age of 50 years at the age of more than 50 years of age.
 a total of all houses in the village, the israeli occupying forces were also forced into the village and destroyed a house and burnt on another.
 they should be invited to seek doctoral doctors as soon as possible to facilitate the control of the disease.
 child prostitution refers to the use of children or any other forms of considerations, or to facilitate the use of children.
 this is all the same achievement.
 at the same time, the value of orders in the metal products industry increased further by 2% in a year earlier.
 it is equally important for the long-standing problems of african countries, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of the export earnings of these countries.
 after many of the debates and for many years, we are like to go back to the first point.
 the council has 14 the panels of experts on 14 the panels of experts who are working in working groups, not national representatives.
 as regards the expert unit, the number of tactical training has been provided for more intensive tactical training.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen to replace the north-south cooperation and should be viewed as a complement to its supplementary.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are continuing.
 the network of family relations is being collapsed, and the traditional structure of family structures are taking place in many changes.
 to ensure that there is a high quality of chinese language textbooks, the administration has set up the chinese language texts.
 another argument said: " the bank's business is better to make money, but as long as the guns, people will make money.
 a number of them were said to have been wounded.
 while the ethiopian delegation appreciated the role played by unctad in the field, thematic discussions were only a number of interesting issues.
 the united nations military contingent will assist those who may wish to interfere with the democratization of the process of democratization.
 however, it is necessary to look at trade, health and management, such as education, health and management.
 however, it was reported that the administration had denied that the person had been transferred to the right of the person.
 for avoiding political parties, a party's campaign should be given public funds and the costs should be controlled and maintained.
 it is expected that in 2000, the background and exercise of the right to development of the right to development of the right to development.
 but he was unable to imagine that he was able to face numerous waves of waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-sized enterprises (ggs) has report to the chief executive this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases-press releases for tuesday, 20 november 2001, issued by 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the new sections of the new territories is only under the control of a collective government.
 we welcome partnerships in these areas, " the spokesman added.
 to enable the computer to make it clear, " you don't you 'll " you 'll " you 'll ".
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces of the indonesian security forces seem to be a surprise, whether the authorities or local people are not blamed.
 please watch the 4 series of new zealand's 4 series of new zealand in new zealand, and innovative countries.
 the new integration of resolution 1171 (1998) were included in resolution 1171 (1998) on 18 june 1998.
 15. in the experimental system, it was suggested that the impact of the impact of the participation of participation in the district and the preservation of women.
 a number of programmes on this seminar will help to raise awareness of the public awareness of this seminar.
 if a person is dissatisfied with employment and income over the age of 65, they are not entitled to pay for a pension.
 in general, it would not be disclosed that the information would not be disclosed.
 he is well known that he was committed to achievements in the law.
 the special rapporteur invites the competent authorities to review the ordinance's review of the ordinance.
 " the labour department will provide for suitable vacancies and helping them to find suitable vacancies and help them, " he said.
 this cooperation has also been prepared for the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games in beijing.
 recently, a lecturer from the university of hong kong from the mainland, the university of hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has already made a balance of checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was theft, then he was able to cut down his hand, the security of thousands of human beings.
 the kosovo serbs participate in the elections, indicating the importance of their self-government in the provisional self-government.
 the tiani was a headquarters where the ruf was the ruf headquarters.
 so far as the " dignity of taipei " signboards, it is now at the gates of the new paintings.
 the name of the name of the name of a <unk> amp<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 in 1944, 1944 was born in new zealand, <unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 in the traditional market, two chickens are stalling each other.
 details of the scheme, in both english and english, will also be put up notices at the site site for public inspection.
 because the dpp has established a new dpp campaign.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is indeed a lot of choices of employees.
 the claimant offers a export credit guarantee for export crediters and contractors.
 with the assistance of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for action to implement the platform for action.
 the committee recommends that more attention is the accuracy of the requirements for the estimated requirements.
 under the health organization act, all persons in estonia will have the right to receive medical care (art. 5).
 the european union is of the view that the lusaka agreement was the most viable basis for the resolution of conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted the world bank of the world bank in bangkok, " no one is aware that, " he said.
 in the course of the " red lenage len's lenage, the people of liaoning people publish publishing publishing publication.
 madam president, the secretary has today's " diet ". "
 in the light of the dark atmosphere, i might perhaps say that some of the more more than what was more than ever.
 the annex contains comments on the statute of the international court of justice in the annex to the above statement.
 following the performance, the audience received enthusiastic response from the members and staff of the staff.
 i may also refer to some examples, some of the complaints that some chronic patients have said that some chronic patients have been able to raise jobs.
 the chart is needed to reflect the latest development proposals for the latest development proposals in kowloon hang.
 in fact, i went to chongqing, and i went to chongqing.
 the panel is supported by the panel's support to ensure that gender issues are more sensitive and sensitive.
 she has enjoyed all civil rights and enjoy all civil rights and enjoy all civil rights.
 all departments will be involved in the programme, which involves the need to take part in various activities, from prevention, to prosecute the victims.
 with regard to this obligation of states parties, the committee notes that, in some instances, reports would have referred to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that about 15000 per hour of small arms ammunition can be out of approximately 15000 small arms per hour.
 secondly, the reduction in the situation has been reduced.
 we first take action on the draft resolution entitled economic and other activities which affect the interests of the non-self-governing territories of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant admitted that he was his daughter.
 moreover, there have been no cash at the current level of funds for the current peacekeeping period.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general, under-secretary-general, and the special representative of the special representative of the special representative this morning.
 the attraction of developing countries in the developing countries could lead to financial instability, which may trigger financial instability.
 a international seminar was held in prague and the czech republic of the czech republic, on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged, and the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged for 177.
 this is mainly attributed to a number of countries that have been achieved or did not exist or did not have been achieved or not achieved by some countries.
 the new phenomenon of aids has led to the suffering of children and orphans suffering suffering from the suffering<unk> the conflict has increased the suffering of their suffering.
 in january this year, in january this year, mr. sergio viei de mello should propose general strengthening the efficiency of civilian police to handle complex operations.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now non-existent.
 this figure will increase, according to the 19 per cent of african population, and this figure will increase.
 at the same time, the situation is even more bad.
 in the united states, a typical consumers of the united states will spend more than 1000 000 advertisements.
 i think it must be borne in mind that the humanitarian situation in iraq is multiphice.
 this is a kind of interesting topics.
 oios urges the department of disarmament to help to make financial commitment to the new politicalization of member states.
 if we are lucky better than britain, it is absolutely necessary for us to go to the united kingdom.
 at the end of 2004, he was used by the end of 2004, but his deputy president zawai, was frequently used by the end of 2004.
 the 4 field is the establishment of the national institutions of the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on waste reduction plans to reduce the reduction of waste plans for waste reduction in the government.
 mr martin lee said that the government did not respond to the response to this matter. "
 he was only one day before his performance.
 the gross surplus of 17.2% of the business accounted for 17.2% in the total receipts in 1995.
 in post-conflict children, children are in the dominant position, and children needs to be taken into account.
 the militant attacks carried out by the bosnian serb forces for the civilian population, which had been killed every day.
 a spokesman for the department said that 5400 visits were completed in the field survey during a two-week field survey period.
 prior to the market, the chickens were tested by tests and blood tests, " he said.
 he said that the executive board hoped that the executive board would continue to provide guidance on these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long, with 10 kilometres to iraq and 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 the more than 70 per cent of children who are engaged in the family service are girls.
 the administration has thus developed a number of measures to ensure that women prisoners are satisfied with the needs of female prisoners.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 taiwan's 1 governor, liu ming-ming, who came to taiwan, also came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is expected that the taigg weather will also affect the north china south of china north china.
 this section recalls the reasons that the right to food is not considered by the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, the budmon of the budmons of the 19 century, and the colons of the colons came into taiwan.
 criminal law and criminal procedures have been amended, and the national legal system has been amended.
 without obtaining the necessary authorization, any person who had not been able to engage in arms manufacture will promote procedures for the purpose of authorization.
 the government, together with the business community, has immediately carried out a series of activities aimed at consolidation of confidence in the international community.
 however, the federal of the armed forces were too large, and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 following the dinner, the hong kong ballet team was performing a performance at the hong kong ball ballet.
 speaking at the ceremony, the director of home affairs, mrs lee, said: " hong kong has always been a immigration society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting took place on 30 may, with a new battle between troops and the taliban in the north-western part of the taliban.
 the volume of data in computer systems are large and related to a number of major issues that have also caused privacy and other major issues.
 this document will be included in a voluntary basis from the asean regional forums, indicating that there are major developments in the security situation in the region.
 every day, the soldiers said that the same day would be handed over the same day.
 " the more the mpf system will be implemented as a result of the mpf system, the burden of society will, " he added.
 the committee was informed that the replacement of vehicles originated from the united nations assistance mission from the united nations in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often look at the people's hearts as the enemy, and therefore, they are not working in solidarity.
 the railway system is an integral part of the system of transport systems in hong kong.
 under the provisions of the convention, it recognized the important partner of troop-contributing countries as an important partner in peacekeeping operations.
 i think that this would be very sorry for my voters.
 through this election, it is fully assured that hong kong is a special representative of the asset in hong kong.
 it seemed that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they had not been used, but they did not use it.
 as a result, it is not to follow up the new area, but we shouldn't follow the new areas.
 upon assessment, the results of the results will be issued in july.
 johnson's works began to over half a century, and over half a century has over half a century.
 however, the bill today submitted to this council is a great question that the bill can be implemented within the transitional period.
 after the arrival of the united states, he was arrested at los angeles in los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the presentation of the hong kong economy on the hong kong economy.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, especially natural gas, production and processing.
 a number of experts expressed their view that statistics were not fully reflected in the size of the scale of the problem.
 therefore, we have to choose the bricks of land bricks in different regions.
 after the opening of economic reforms, china's implementation of economic reforms had become a black market.
 within the shanghai forum, the bishk group has established a group of bishk.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental foundation has also changed.
 we will continue to persuade the young people to persuade young people, and cannot be abused.
 some of the results are as follows: in addition to religions, mathematics, mathematics, mathematics, mathematics, agricultural and reading.
 this year, a total of $ 1022500, representing a total of $ 825600 over the last year last year.
 the provision should be made to the chinese side and is still discussing with the chinese side.
 the united nations business exchange rate is based on the united nations operational exchange rate of the united nations in other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court was to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have ranked 2 in two years ' best service providers, " the spokesman added.
 after the incident, i am aware of the doctor's doctors who knows strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " it is necessary to reflect the latest land use of the lantau-east lantau port, " the spokesman said.
 this has forced bilateral negotiations on the stage, and it has forced bilateral negotiations.
 to this end, member states must be assessed on the basis of assessed contributions on the full and unconditional basis of their legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 during the half of a century, mankind has lived in a continuing hot nuclear danger.
 he said that in order to address these problems, a special prime minister has been set up with prime minister.
 in all preparations, the longer the time is ready for the period 2003-044, the longer the time, the longer the time, the longer the time.
 there is no other group of groups that are separated from separated.
 the conduct of behaviour is comparable to similar acts of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. the important accounting policy of the financial statements apply to the financial statements, as reflected in the financial statements.
 within the south of yunnan, there will be heavy rain in some parts of the south-east of yunxi, south-west of the south-eastern part of yunnan.
 on behalf of the comoros and the people of the government of the israeli government, i extend its condolences to the people of the government of israel.
 undp has not yet carried out a plan for donors to trust the undp structure of the undp structure.
 the bureau of the year 2000 was chaired by a delegation of the delegations of mali, mali and ukraine as chairman of the delegation of mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the right to development in the development of strategic strategies, planning, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is now an average of about 70 examinations for some 70 examinations.
 after the culprits escape, the victim was able to enter the sleep of the employers, and he was disclosed by him.
 the authorities have declared today's day today.
 for example, the seizures have already been purchased at the stage of phase iii, but it was late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue to work and employment.
 the printing volume has been reduced by 30 per cent, which has been reduced by 30 per cent.
